Beautification of Examples (#491)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/developer-guide/step-fixtures.md

---
description: Use Step Fixtures to Access the Stack from within a Step.
---

# Step Fixtures

In general, when defining steps, you usually can only supply inputs that have been output by previous steps.

> However, there are some special exceptions. 

Reviewer: Isn't an exception special by definition 🤔

```suggestion
However, there are some exceptions. 
```

* An object which is a subclass of `BaseStepConfig`: This object is used to pass run-time parameters to a pipeline run. 
It can be used to send parameters to a step that are not artifacts. You learned about this one already in the chapter
on [Step Configuration](#step-configuration)

> * A `StepContext` object: This object gives access to the artifact store, metadata store, materializers, and special 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `StepContext` object: This object gives access to the active stack, materializers, and special 
```

> dynamically parameterize your pipeline runs.

Reviewer: Remove `in` from `pass the config in` in previous line

)
```

### Using the `StepContext`

> Unlike `BaseStepConfig`, we can pass in the `StepContext` directly to a step without explicitly passing it at run-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `BaseStepConfig`, we can use the `StepContext` simply by adding it to our step function signature and ZenML will take care of passing the right thing when executing your step.
```
